Release 2026.01.0 (#5884) (#5885)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2026-okta-identity-governance/index.md

---
title: Okta Identity Governance API release notes 2026
---

# Okta Identity Governance API release notes (2026)

Okta Identity Governance is available for both Okta Classic and Identity Engine.

## January

### Monthly release 2026.01.0
<!-- Published on: 2026-01-08T12:00:00Z -->

| Change | Expected in Preview Orgs |
|--------|--------------------------|
| [Security access reviews API is GA in Production](#security-access-reviews-api-is-ga-in-production) | September 10, 2025 |
| [Permalink ID in V1 access request is Beta](#permalink-id-in-v1-access-request-is-beta) | January 8, 2026 |
| [AD group support in Access Requests is GA in Production](#ad-group-support-in-access-requests-is-ga-in-production) | December 10, 2025 |
| [My Access Certification Reviews API is Beta](#my-access-certification-reviews-api-is-beta) | January 8, 2026 |
| [Developer documentation updates in 2026.01.0](#developer-documentation-updates-in-2026-01-0) | January 7, 2026 |

#### Security access reviews API is GA in Production

> Security access reviews are a new, security-focused type of access review that can be automatically triggered by events. These reviews provide a unified view of a user's access and contextual information about their access history. Also included is an AI-generated access summary, allowing you to investigate and take immediate remediation act

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Security access reviews are a new, security-focused type of access review that can be automatically triggered by events. These reviews provide a unified view of a user's access and contextual information about their access history. Also included is an AI-generated access summary, allowing you to investigate and take immediate remediation actions, such as revoking access.
```

---
title: Okta Identity Governance API release notes 2026
---

# Okta Identity Governance API release notes (2026)

<a href="/rss/identity-governance.xml">
  <img src="/img/icons/Feed-icon.svg" alt="RSS" width="20" height="20" />
  Subscribe to RSS
</a><br><br>

> Okta Identity Governance is available for both Okta Classic and Identity Engine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Okta Identity Governance is available for both Okta Classic Engine and Okta Identity Engine.
```
